fix typo in spec (#3678)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: specs/overview.md

#### Epochs and the Sequencing Window

The rollup chain is subdivided into epochs. There is a 1:1 correspondence between L1 block numbers and epoch numbers.

> For L1 block number `n`, there is a corresponding rollup epoch `n` which can only be derived after "sequencing windows" has

Reviewer: I'm not sure of this phrasing ether: 

```suggestion
For L1 block number `n`, there is a corresponding rollup epoch `n` which can only be derived after the "sequencing window" has
```

Reviewer: @norswap wdyt here?

Reviewer 2: We don't want this to go stale @norswap - I think this working is good @maurelian

Reviewer 3: I would suggest:

```suggestion

For L1 block number `n`, there is a corresponding rollup epoch `n` which can only be derived after a *sequencing window* worth of block has
```
